capital = 256

set_oob = "ISR_2020"


# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	gwtank = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	CAS1 = 1
}

set_convoys = 5

1939.1.1 = {

	add_political_power = 1198
	
	#generic focuses
	
	set_technology = {
		tech_support = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		support_weapons = 1
		gw_artillery = 1

		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		battlefleet_concentration = 1
		convoy_sailing = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1
		computing_machine = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		fuel_refining = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
}

recruit_character = ISR_binyamin_netanyahu
recruit_character = ISR_benny_gantz
recruit_character = ISR_ayman_odeh
recruit_character = ISR_itamar_ben_gvir
recruit_character = ISR_aviv_kohavi
recruit_character = ISR_eyal_zamir
recruit_character = ISR_yoel_strick
recruit_character = ISR_amir_baram
recruit_character = ISR_nadav_padan
recruit_character = ISR_herzi_halevi
recruit_character = ISR_ohad_najma
recruit_character = ISR_neri_horowitz
recruit_character = ISR_amir_avstein
recruit_character = ISR_daniel_hagari
recruit_character = ISR_eli_sharvit
recruit_character = ISR_david_saar_salama
recruit_character = ISR_amikam_norkin
recruit_character = ISR_tomer_bar
recruit_character = ISR_reuven_rivlin
recruit_character = ISR_eli_cohen
recruit_character = ISR_pnina_tamano_shata
recruit_character = ISR_yaakov_litzman
recruit_character = ISR_ofir_akunis
recruit_character = ISR_yitzhak_cohen

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "2018.11.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 80
	fascism = 5
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 10
}